index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

## Welcome to Project Chatmanager

The proliferation of collaborations tools among companies and organizations has facilitated large scale and convenient communications among workforces. Yet, with the adoption of such diverse products, organizations with wildly different needs don’t always have tools necessary to streamline workflow and development. Most Enterprise Instant Messaging platforms provide documentation through APIs that allow enterprise customers to create custom software and libraries tailor-made for their workplaces. While this provides a solution for optimizing workspace flow, APIs are specific to each platform, therefore when using multiple EIM platforms within a work environment, software would need to be rewritten. The purpose of this project is to create a library that will handle the interaction with two EIM platforms via a bot. Users will be able to send interactive messages, direct messages and files within workspace groups and teams using either messaging platform.

### List of Features and Description

Users of our project will be able send messages and other interactions between different chat clients with their own bots.
These include:

  - Group Messaging
    - This feature allows for the chat manager to send group messages across multiple forms.
  - Direct messaging
      - This feature allows the chat manager to be able to directly message a user.
  - Share Files (jpeg, png, text files)
      - This feature will allow the chat manager to send and receive files from users
  - Interactive Forms
       -This feature will allow the chat manager to handle interactive forms.



### Documentation Pages
#### [bots](/_posts/2020-11-17-bots.markdown)
#### [slash commands](/_posts/2020-11-18-slash-command.markdown)

### Support or Contact

Commit message:

fixes and added posts to main page

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

## Welcome to Project Chatmanager

The proliferation of collaborations tools among companies and organizations has facilitated large scale and convenient communications among workforces. Yet, with the adoption of such diverse products, organizations with wildly different needs don’t always have tools necessary to streamline workflow and development. Most Enterprise Instant Messaging platforms provide documentation through APIs that allow enterprise customers to create custom software and libraries tailor-made for their workplaces. While this provides a solution for optimizing workspace flow, APIs are specific to each platform, therefore when using multiple EIM platforms within a work environment, software would need to be rewritten. The purpose of this project is to create a library that will handle the interaction with two EIM platforms via a bot. Users will be able to send interactive messages, direct messages and files within workspace groups and teams using either messaging platform.

### List of Features and Description

Users of our project will be able send messages and other interactions between different chat clients with their own bots.
These include:

  - Group Messaging
    - This feature allows for the chat manager to send group messages across multiple forms.
  - Direct messaging
      - This feature allows the chat manager to be able to directly message a user.
  - Share Files (jpeg, png, text files)
      - This feature will allow the chat manager to send and receive files from users
  - Interactive Forms
       -This feature will allow the chat manager to handle interactive forms.



### Documentation Pages
{% for post in site.posts %}
####   [{{ post.title }}]({{post.url }})
{% endfor %}

### Support or Contact
